There we go.
Okay, we're talking to Nick Baker.
Fascinating stuff.
Thank you very, very much.
I was absorbed in it last night.
This talk, weeds, it's not exactly, I mean, you mentioned in this preface here that a lot of it was used, or some of it was used in the
New Yorker essay that you did.
But really, I think it's a totally separate thing, entirely.
Well, it was meant to be read aloud, and it was, by the time I was, by the time the New Yorker got around to doing the editing, I put together a different version, and then that went through metamorphosis and stuff.
It did end up being different.
But I wanted to alert people that it was,
that there was some overlap, a couple of the passages in the middle of the thing.
You mentioned a few, to my mind, minor factual errors.
Why didn't you just correct them, just out of curiosity?
Well, it got so... The opposition from the library's publicity department got so nasty at some point that they posted on the web
this listing of all the errors in my New Yorker piece, but it was really a false list because they would pounce on things that the fact checker asked someone and then say, see, he doesn't know, and things like that.
When the fact checker
was simply trying to find out from them what the figures were.
So they were pouncing on tiny errors that weren't material.
And therefore, I felt that I had to have the original talk exactly as I said it.
So there wouldn't be any charge that, oh, well, he's shifted his position or something.
And then include any little corrections in the beginning.
So it was just sort of part of this whole thing that really, really the reaction on the part of the administration, particularly this guy.
Dale Carlson?
Publicity person.
No, he was bad, but he wasn't the one who kind of, he got mad, you know, so he wrote those angry letters.
but the one who really engaged in sustained effort and character of that nation was the woman, Marsha Schneider.
Marsha Schneider.
She, I think... I think I met her briefly.
Her job is still to be the media, whatever they call it, essentially the corporate communication.
Yeah.
It's sort of funny that a public library would have this.
Well, when I went there last September, and really I was out in San Francisco for other things and tried to put this thing together.
I asked to see Dowlin.
It was amazing the buffers that were put between him.
I never saw him.
She put me on a little potted plant tour of the library.
I doubt she took you to see one quarter of the library actually.
That's amazing.
As I'm going through all this stuff last night, I'm writing up a few narrative strategies here.
Boy, it's quite a story.
It really is.
Would you consider yourself number one?
Would you accept the characterization of yourself as a library activist in this particular instance?
Well, I became... I never liked those noun pairs.
Okay.
But yes, I became certain.
I, by the end, was calling myself one, I think.
Is that right?
Because it was so troubling.
Really, the moment it decided it for me was going to a Library Commission meeting and seeing the head of the Library Commission, whose name is Stephen Coulter,
be so rude to people who were obviously literate, intelligent people who were coming up and saying, maybe this isn't a good idea.
He was so nasty.
And there was a level of arrogance there that I associate with, I don't know, the nuclear power industry or something.
And I just was staggered to see this kind of thing going on at a great
public library, and I thought that, and then I had all these, I had this site still in my head of Brooks Hall and the estimates of the number of books and pictures and all that stuff.
So I kind of had to become a library activist.
The other problem was that I said these things, but I only said them in a speech.
And then it took a long time for the New Yorker to publish the written version.
So the only way that I could give people something to think about if a reporter called or something was to do an interview.
So I ended up making all the charges that I had planned to make from the written New Yorker piece.
to reporters ahead of time, which, of course, gave the library administration this wonderful opportunity to prepare their dossier of objections.
Now, who's in charge there now?
This woman, Kathy, is she still there?
Kathy Page is in charge, yeah.
Is she interim or has she got the job?
She's interim.
They've got a search committee going, and I don't know if they've made any progress with that, but she's...
She's in charge.
Now, the letter you sent to the mayor, did he respond?
Did you get an answer to that?
He never responded, no.
But then it was funny because there was a piece in the Chronicle in which the mayor suddenly said, you know what I think they should do with the libraries?
I think they should take over the old Maine and then you're going to have to use the new Maine and the old Maine.
together and that and uh the article came out oh well that's interesting i guess he did read the letter or something it's not an idea that only i have put forward but i don't know if anyone has written a mayor like that before with with that idea but uh then then there was such a fuss from the asian art museum that he now says he now came up with this other idea that the old
The library should take over the old Mint, which is a building far away.
Yeah, I know that building.
Wouldn't work very well.
That wouldn't work.
But no, and you point out, as you point out in that letter, it's by no means a unique proposal.
They did something similar in Boston, Philadelphia.
The new French library.
which cost something like 7 billion francs to build, they are still keeping the Richelieu Library downtown, the old Bibliotheque Nationale, where they're going to keep manuscripts and stuff.
So, I mean, it's a very workable thing there.
It would be the right thing.
It's a building that right now has all the stacks are there, and it's got all the mottos all over the facade.
It's nice.
It's a library, and it could be...
go back to that function instantly, and the problems of storage would be solved.
But it didn't work.
What's your sense?
Is this something that's aberrational to San Francisco, or do you think that that far more sinister situation is that this is endemic to what's going on in libraries throughout the country, what you perceived happening there in San Francisco?
I know best what's going on in San Francisco, and I don't... I keep getting letters from people saying, believe me, you know, it's the same thing happened in my library at X, and so I assume that similar things.
But I do think that the San Francisco case was unusual in that a man who was such an apostle of
digitalism or something was put in charge.
I like that word.
It did such harm to the older components of the collection.
I just think it's an unusually clear example of the kinds of incompetence that you can get if your board is run by
somebody who's in the connectivity business, like Coulter, whose job is to further the aims and wishes and dreams of Pacific Bell.
That's their method.
And I think it's the method of lots of these kind of newer entrepreneurial phone systems is to give a big gift in which you
set up a digital information center.
You know, there's one going in the library here at Cal.
And then once you give the gift in the one year of the leased lines, then you know that for the next forever you're going to get those leased line fees will come in, and they're not cheap.
So it's a real business decision that you get people set up, and it's just like...
It's like the mug of the month club.
Look at the gift, the $250 million Bill Gates gift to libraries, tied in with another $250 million or $200 million of Microsoft software.
What exactly is he doing there, I wonder?
I think that people haven't yet understood...
that the railroads, you know, I mean, I know that people, this is not a new analogy, but the way people are playing around with the tariffs and stuff with these leased lines and link-ups is very similar to the monopolistic practices of the railroads.
But it was a guy in the New York Times who said that.
Anyway.
But yes, I...
Paul LeClaire wrote a piece for it.
Yeah, maybe somebody did that, but there was the guy who wrote, he was a science writer.
Wilfred Bride, one of those others.
Do you mind indulging me just a little bit?
How were you drawn to this?
Did it start with the card catalogs thing, story?
It did, because I had several card catalogs that I
genuinely, you know, odd as it may sound, loved.
And the fact that they were being thrown out upset me because I felt that there was intellectual content there that was being lost, a way of ordering the world of knowledge that was not being
offered by the online system that was replacing them.
So then I got, you know, I was calling all these libraries all over the country asking what was happening and was getting the same kind of story everywhere that
It was kind of a gleeful, happy feeling that they were going.
And then a few people who were upset about it, and so I thought I should write about it.
It also seemed to me to stand for a general kind of contempt for history.
I mean, if you cannot trust the library to recognize the value of its own historical artifacts, then
perhaps we should be suspicious of the library's ability to recognize the larger historical value of old books and old documents in general.
So it seemed to be a tight... It stood for a larger problem, which is that librarians... That is to say library administrators have...
have become contemptuous of the past in many cases.
But it also was something that just upset me terribly.
And so then the natural progression from that to getting to the library story, the actual story.
I should send you this tape.
What happened was, I mean, I got a lot of letters then from librarians, many of them.
Following the New Yorker story.
Following that card catalog story.
Yeah.
saying, you know, I'm glad you did this.
The letters to me were overwhelmingly positive, although the reaction on the web, I guess it wasn't the web at that point, the listservs, was vicious.
But following that... Who was vicious?
The listservs, the old... They used to be... Before the web, there were these...
I guess the web was just being started.
There were listservs.
They still are.
They're fascinating places.
But AutoCAD, have you seen AutoCAD?
It's like a bulletin board, but using the Internet.
And everybody who signs up automatically gets these postings.
Sort of like being in an auto.
And AutoCAD is the one for automated cataloging.
And there's also Pub Live is one.
And some of the most rabid kind of destructive modernists are in that are
posting there.
I mean, it really is kind of amazing sometimes.
But if you just cruise around, some of the postings have been posted in other people's websites and stuff, so you might have seen them there.
But I think AutoCAD.
AutoCAD.
I'll find it.
AutoCAD, what you do is you have to send
a piece of mail to the list owner who's at Cornell, I think.
No, not at Cornell.
Somewhere.
And then you automatically get all the postings.
I know.
There's a similar thing for ex libris.
Yeah, that's it.
It's the same thing.
Which I go into every once in a while.
Five library ones that I remember.
And so anyway, the reaction there was fierce, and there was a lot of... And then some librarians came to my defense, and it was... Who came to your defense?
Can you think of any people in particular?
Yeah, there was a really nice, more recently, a really great letter from somebody in Texas.
I just got shipped all my stuff, so I can probably dig it out.
Wait, this is HRC, you sent your stuff?
I'm sorry, is that where you sent your stuff to Texas?
No, my stuff was shipped back from England.
Oh, I see, I'm sorry, okay.
I misunderstood, okay.
But I can find out, but it was really an eloquent thing.
But anyway, so one of the people who got in touch with me was a librarian at San Francisco Public after I'd gone to this radio show, because the...
the library was opening, there was a big fuss, and so Dowlin was on the radio show, Kessler, and who you talked to, I think, and me, and the guy, and Gray Breckin, who's the guy who also gave a talk that evening, the talk that I said, he also was there that evening.
And I never knew, I didn't know him before the radio show, and I was in a hotel room somewhere, because I was on a
reading tour, but I participated by phone.
And Dowlin and Kessler were predictably extolling the advanced search features of the online catalog and all that, and it's just fine, although the San Francisco Public's online catalog is not a thing of beauty and has...
many problems, and it doesn't even include all the actual books in the library.
The conversion isn't finished, et cetera.
But what was strange was that Dallin seemed to be implying, strange in retrospect, was that Dallin seemed to be implying that the library had thrown out the card catalogs already, except for some thousand that it plastered to the wall, right?
Yeah, I saw them, yeah.
But the librarian who called me said no.
You know, that's the impression that he wants to give.
But actually, the card catalog is untouched and it's still in the old building.
And only, you know, you're the one who could probably save it.
So then I thought, well, you know, do you really care about these things or are you just kind of a dilettante who writes magazine articles and stuff?
And so...
At that point, when I realized that there was this... Now I understand it's a known technique, that you imply that the thing is... It happened at Haverford, too, in a sense, although I hate to dump on this guy who's a reasonably nice guy, but he hid the card catalog away before destroying it for some months.
It gave the impression that it had already been carted off to a landfill, or to a recycling.
and then destroy it.
So this is a known way of doing it.
You make a very clean break, imply that the old thing is destroyed, and then people can't raise a fuss because what are they going to... It's a fait accompli.
Right.
But when I realized that they were trying to pull that, and that the old catalog was in perfect shape, and it really was... So then anyway, I got a chance to
I got a chance to peek at it.
The catalog?
Yeah, yeah.
But not to study it.
And so then my only other, I felt, kind of somewhat maybe possibly deft move was to make a Public Information Act request.
to see the card catalog because then it changed its status.
So that's 979033, right?
Is that another public information request?
That's the case number, the one that you reference in these letters?
Yeah, yeah.
Oh, the case number.
Yeah.
Well, the case, it didn't actually, it wasn't a case at that point.
It was just a, I mean, I didn't go to lawyers until it was repeatedly denied, but...
Right.
There's a law in California that's a little bit stricter version of the federal freedom of information law.
And it says that you have the right to see any document that's... I can't remember how they phrased it, but in any case, the card catalog certainly sits under the rubric of a public document.
They're denying it.
And they're saying, no, we cannot allow this at this time.
And that's illegal.
What is the status of that, by the way?
It's sort of in limbo.
So they're still to this day denying you access to this public document?
No, no.
What they did was sent over drawers finally after the speech and somewhere in August, I think, or July.
They sent over the drawers that I specifically requested.
And to the new library, to that nice San Francisco History Center on the top.
And I used them up there.
So they just had a book truck full of card catalog drawers.
It was kind of hilarious to have this air of great secrecy.
Like the Pentagon Papers, for God's sake.
Like the Pentagon Papers, you know?
Yeah, and also to have it be in their...
essentially their most prized possession room, the California history and rare books kind of area.
And there I am looking through the thing that they wanted to, not they, but Dowlin and Coulter mostly wanted to come.
But it was helpful because what I did was I did kind of a sample.
I wanted to find out
How many of the books of certain sample writers could I find in the online catalog?
That's, by the way, terrific.
I have to say that's magnificent investigative work.
Well, but there are many, many problems with that because you never know whether they're in the online catalog.
They're not in the online catalog because the online catalog is bad or because the book has been...
thrown out or given away.
Maybe it's deliberately ambiguous?
Well, I think not.
I don't think that... I think that Dallin really just didn't care about that because he's not interested in the old collections.
And so it wasn't that he... Although, you know, you start to think... Once you get involved in these things, you do start to think a little bit more like a conspiracy theorist when...
When all the news, say all the radio DJs are getting this duffing of the real truth about Nicholson Baker and it's this packet of stuff that's, you know, smear stuff.
The anti-Semitic thing was bad.
So you do start to think that way more.
But I don't think it was, I think most of what happened was the result of
the library's senior administration starving the traditional areas of librarianship, that is, cataloging and reference staff, those kinds of people, so that the library just suffered and was unable to do its job.
And one of its jobs was to, you know, to convert to an online system, but there wasn't, I mean,
It's more than that.
He's not just converting to an online system.
He's getting rid of books.
He's philosophically taking off into a new direction.
Printed books are quite irrelevant in his view.
That's a view that he's
He wrote a book in 1984.
It's considered one of the seminal texts of this whole movement.
Have you ever looked at it?
I have a copy of it, yeah.
It's really funny because you can see some of the ironies of this whole wave of enthusiasm because there's a picture on one page of the Dowland Den.
He calls it the Dowland Den.
It's a picture of his
I can't remember his radio shack, you know, 180.
I don't know the numbers, but with 256K of memory, it proudly says that kind of thing.
You know, I mean, it's the equipment in the Dowland Den, in that picture, in a book from 1984, is worthless now.
It really would be scrapped.
unless you were putting together a museum of computers, which should happen more.
But the book that Dowlin wrote in 1984, Dog Years Though It Is, is still extremely valuable because it represents a way of thinking that has great historical interest.
It's part of the beginning of something that's now causing us so much trouble.
So the strange thing is that
These huge sums that Dowland has spent over the years, not just on his own computer equipment, but on various library systems' computer equipment, are, well, much of it is wasted because it has no lasting value.
I mean, after five years, you've got to get a new set of monitors.
You've got to spend another five million and re-equip your system.
But the books...
have residual value.
I have a case of a library in St.
Paul, Minnesota.
I'm just getting preliminary detail on it now, but it's like a little Newbery library, you know, so it's not a public library.
But they sold, through a bookseller, about $3 million worth of exquisitely rare books to buy computer equipment.
Oh, yeah.
Now, that's a very...
short-sighted decision.
And those books are gone forever now, of course.
Well, at least they're sold.
If you go through and sell really valuable books, there's some feeling, and you know this much better than I, because you've chronicled the progression of these books around the provenance and all.
But at least we know that the rare book market understands the value of these things and stuff.
Well, at least they brought in a... In fact, it made this bookseller.
I mean, he's now on the board of the International League of Antiquarian Booksellers, a young guy.
And he said, he's quite open.
He said, you know, this made my career.
I mean, by having these books and being able to put them on the world market, you know.
I'm a different guy now.
Yeah, well, yeah, he's... Yeah, well...
That's very sad.
It is sad because it was a... But it's not just sad.
That's what I think.
In the case of the least of San Francisco Public Library, it's illegal because a community decided wisely to create a communal repository of books and they set up an institution that would guard them.
And the institution does not have the right to despoil that
communal repository and to privatize it by sending the books to landfills or giving them away.
That's a waste of millions of dollars of public money.
And you can quantify it because you can estimate the number of books that San Francisco got rid of is in the hundreds of thousands.
And they have themselves, when they did their earthquake calculations, they made a lot of money on the earthquake.
And they
did it in part by using a standard Bowker's value of, I think it's five or ten dollars or something per lost book.
Did he really use that phrase, the Augien stables?
Is that how you pronounce it?
Yes, yes, he did use that.
That's unbelievable.
He's basically calling these books bullshit, in other words.
Yes, yes, yes, exactly.
You talk about a metaphor.
That's unbelievable.
You know, you don't,
I think he, I think he's clearly, I think he, I mean, I don't want to impute things to him because that seems to be, but from everything that I've heard about him, he likes new things.
That's what he was hired to do.
Gadgetry.
And fill the shelves with new stuff.
He got rid of, you know, just forget the books, the LPs.
I mean, LP collectors are a strange and fascinating finder.
They know what's valuable.
And it's true that library LPs are often beat up, but they were going out on those flatbed trucks were thousands of LPs because the library decided that it was going to go and have a CD collection.
It's not like the CD collection replaced the LP collection because what's available on CDs is different.
But there was no chance for LP collectors at other libraries or individuals to get those things.
Plus, we know that CDs, by the way, deteriorate over time.
I didn't know that.
Yeah, I mean, there's no guarantee that CDs are going to have anything close to the permanence of vinyl.
Really?
Oh, yeah.
That's one of the major concerns you're running into now.
I mean, these things, you better keep the digital information because CDs do deteriorate.
I've been talking to people.
I'm going into the preservation angle, by the way.
All these little phrases that I'm coming up, and you have some beautiful ones in here, just, you know, see the librarian for information.
The words and phrases, these euphemisms that they're using, you know, to describe what they're doing.
It's a fantastic, I mean, migration is a word, you know, the migration of the information.
You know, once you digitize stuff, but of course, like when I was at Cornell, they said, you know, our responsibility is to make sure that we migrate the material that we have developed.
digitally scanned or whatever as the operating systems change, right?
Right.
Who's to make sure?
You know, I mean, I said, but I'll bet right now as we speak on this campus, and this is the woman who's in charge of Cornell, that you have thousands of perforated cards that you don't have the equipment to read that contain material.
You wouldn't have a clue as to how to access it if you want.
She said, you're right.
Yeah.
And there's always, there's every, every upgrade has its, has its, um,
has a kind of margin around which, and we all make this decision, do we want to convert all those old, whatever they were, files?
There has to be, and somebody, I guess, is starting this.
I was reading about the preservation.
There has to be a national software repository with all revs of software sent to them the way you send books to the Library of Congress or the Bodleian or something.
That way, in a hundred years, if there's some novel by some novelist who turns out to be the greatest person around who died young and left his stuff on disc, you could actually read the thing.
Well, that's right.
That's exactly right.
And is there an archival copy of everything that's been digitized?
Who's responsible for that?
There's been nothing.
Are you familiar with the site D-L-I-B D-L-I-B Digital Library?
Are you familiar with that?
Yeah, take a look at it.
I mean, they actually have things on there about what the minimum standards are.
You know, I mean, what's acceptable loss?
You know, I mean, it's almost like, you know, what's acceptable loss in a nuclear exchange?
What are you willing to accept as loss, basically, I guess, is the kinds of things they're talking about in there.
Right.
The thing that I don't understand is why is it that it's... The reasons that they're giving simply fail to convince me.
They always say that libraries are running out of space, but it cannot be that libraries are running out of space because they say it at the same time.
They build these vast new symbolic...
libraries.
And the cost of simply storing things isn't what's killing these libraries.
It's really the huge cost of buying all this equipment and hiring the staff to tend it and all that.
So it isn't an economic decision.
It's a kind of religious enthusiasm that has swept over
all these library administrators, and they're all supporting each other and kind of, I don't know.
And have you ever talked to Dowlin, by the way?
Yeah.
And how have your discussions been?
Have they been cordial?
Well, I mean, you know, by the time I talked to him, I asked to interview him while I was working on his speech, and he didn't want to, or he
I guess he ignored it until he... I know what happened.
The very day of the speech, when finally the posters were going up saying that I was going to give this speech, even though I'd requested the interview, I don't know, three weeks before that or so, he sent a letter saying that he would be happy to interview with me.
So anyway, after I gave that speech, I...
I took him up on it.
But at that point, he then said he couldn't interview me because I was suing the library for those various files, the withdrawn book files.
So you were involved in litigation, in other words.
Right, so I couldn't interview him.
Well, that seems reasonable.
But I have talked to them briefly here and there.
I mean, I got up at Library Commission meetings.
But really, it was very impressive for a while after I gave the speech.
The way Coulter and Dowlin handled it was just, they just sat there at these meetings.
And people were so upset.
You know, librarians were getting up there and members of the public and everything saying, you know, it was really a...
a kind of thrilling, I don't know, ratification of the book as a valuable and permanent artifact or something.
And people were just saying that over and over again.
But they were just silent.
I mean, they didn't say anything.
Do you think they would say we can't comment on any part of this?
We will be issuing some response to it at some point.
But now I know it's just the standard bureaucratic.
You listen, you pretend to listen, but essentially you're thinking, well, we'll let them go for another 20 minutes and then we'll get on to business.
Do you think he sees himself as a kind of fallen angel, a darling, or do you think he's going to be a phoenix to rise from the ashes someplace else?
I don't think he...
I don't know what he sees of himself as, but I think that the problems at San Francisco are so bad and there's so many different kinds of problems.
There's the damage to the collection, but also all these strange financial stories that I think he's...
You know, who can predict?
If I wanted to get in touch with him, I'd love to do an interview with him when I come out there this fall.
Yeah, why not?
He's a fascinating person because he's... I think he's down in San Jose, though.
Well, that's fine, but I'd love to get his take on this whole thing.
Does he believe he was victimized?
Does he think that you were out to get him?
That kind of stuff.
Well, I think he does, because I think I've heard...
You know, and they... Well, who can... Somebody who has been removed from power is going to be hurt an angry person.
That's perfectly understandable, and they're going to... And I did play a small part in that removal.
Maybe a large part.
I wanted him to go because I felt that he had done what I think of as truly...
horrible, if not just in a standard legal sense, criminal things to this collection.
So I wanted him to go.
But I'm perfectly happy to have him say bad things about me now, because that's sort of all he can do.
Of course, a lot of the attacks on you were personal.
Yeah.
I mean, I can even see it in the stuff you sent me.
You know, you breeze into town and you breeze out.
That kind of stuff.
You want to address that in any way that you feel appropriate?
Well, I think there was just a general feeling of desperation.
Something terrible had gone on.
Many thousands of books had been destroyed and there had been no...
no records kept, and the whole thing was really bad.
And people who would normally be sensible, I think, maybe, members of the Library Foundation and things, were so upset that this thing that had seemed like such a success, this great new building, turned out over time to be kind of a disaster.
So they had to
I was the first person to say it publicly so aggressively.
I mean, to talk about, say, the sorting room, which was one of the many disasters, you know, this tiny room mounded high with books so that books were being destroyed when they were returned.
That was all really bad PR for the friends of the library.
So they naturally were frothing at the mouth about it.
And the attacks were personal because there is no way to defend the sorting room, and there is no way to defend the library's self-mutilation.
I mean, they can't... I just don't... I think it's just a very familiar kind of reaction, which is to attack...
me personally because I'm charging them with mismanagement.
There was a terrific piece in the LA Times that somebody sent me in February.
Did you see that piece?
I'll be happy to either fax it to you or send it.
I was getting kind of a shipment of clippings from some of the librarians at the library.
Yeah, this one was good.
In fact, somebody in Illinois sent it to me.
Well, this is how it came to me, but I just got it recently.
But, you know, they quote Tilly Olson in there.
I mean, you are by no means alone in your views.
I mean, you're not just this Jeremiah figure, you know, screaming from the outside.
Oh, I know.
And that was, I thought, was really what was unfair about some of the reactions was that they were trying to kind of make me this
this crackpot who had a bee in his bonnet about card catalogs came from nowhere without any support and said all these things.
But it was very useful to them because then they could ignore the fact that 30 other people stood up at meetings saying all sorts of related things.
And they didn't know me and I didn't know them.
I mean, the library...
dissidents, or whatever they were called, the people who have some major disagreement with the library, go way back.
Coulter has been fought for years.
And it's true that I'm a come here in this.
And I do think there's two unfortunate things.
One is that all those people...
have not gotten sufficient credit for their long years of trying to oppose these policies.
And also I think the librarians themselves haven't gotten sufficient credit for having saved large numbers of books that were
on discard trucks and ready to go you indicated that you might be able to put me in contact with some of these librarians yeah well i i talked to andrea grimes she says she she met you at a at some convention or something very briefly or said hello or saw you passing because you while you were doing research for your book but right um she's in san francisco
She's one of the special collections.
So where did I meet her now?
I wonder where I met her.
I don't know, but she could tell you.
But anyway, she's... So I can give her a call?
Yeah.
Oh, great.
Let me give you her number.
Okay, good.
Although... God damn.
Where the hell did I meet her now?
I think... No, it was just... It's painful these last two years.
Well, I don't think she's assuming that you would...
No, I like the story.
It's getting better and better for me.
This L.A.
Times piece, for instance, it identifies a couple of great panthers who are saving books until the day they can be returned.
I mean, that's a great little story, isn't it?
Right.
These old people who are taking... One of them is the one that I quote in... Exactly, yeah.
Yeah.
And the L.A.
Times piece, I think that the guy...
Yeah, kind of followed up on some of those.
The Grey Panthers woman is a really nice, smart woman who simply cares about books.
What's her name?
That's an irresistible story for me.
Yeah.
Okay, well, let me just think of what her name is.
It's in the story, so you don't have to worry about it.
I can find her.
Yeah, no, I got it, though.
I can give you her number.
It's...
Deetje Boler.
How do you spell it, B-O?
Deetje is D-E-E-T-J-E.
Okay, that is the name, too, yeah.
Deetje, and Boler is B-O-L-E-R.
Yep.
And her number is 415-752-4688.
Oh, that's great.
Terrific.
And Andrea is 415?
Right.
Well, she gave me her...